Good morning family. I have some things on my heart today. As a prophetic intercessor, I see a lot.
The Lord and I have a real tight relationship about a lot of things.
I've noticed this because I try to let you all in on things, and I really feel it's important that you come up higher in your relationship with the Lord in 2024. Let's go higher.
These are just conversations I have with the Lord, but it's really important that I get this across to you all because I see that people are starting to notice me on YouTube, in public, or when I'm talking to people on the phone.
When I'm watching videos of other people, people want to do collabs or have conversations with you.
It's kind of like a dog at a park—I hate to say that—but when you see a little dog at the park, everyone is sniffing everyone.
They are always trying to see who you are, wanting to know your business. I deal with dogs; it's just the way they are.
They are always sniffing everything and want to know everybody's business.
Dogs are friendly, but sometimes they are aggressive, and you have to be cautious about what kind of dog you are around.
Just being real. I don't know if that was a bad illustration, but I'm going to go with it.
When I'm on the phone, the Lord prophetically will tell me, 'He's lying to you'or 'She's lying to you.'He'll warn me, 'This person has this sin, and you need to be cautious of this,'especially if they want to do business with you.
A lot of times He'll say, 'No, do not do business with that individual.'He'll reveal private things about that individual to me—not to gossip, but because He's warning me.
We are tight; we have a relationship. It's like how you are able to talk to your spouse and tell them things you wouldn't tell anyone else because you are friends.
I'm going to make this a two-part thing, but I don't want to touch too much on the friendship part of being a friend of God yet.
What I'm trying to say is whenever I'm on the phone with an individual or if I meet them in public and they want to get together for dinner, the Lord says, 'No.'They might get offended, but the Lord always tells me there's more to this than what I realize.
He's trying to protect me. Do you want Him to lead and guide you in everything you do or not?
God has an opinion about everyone. One time, I was really hurt by a pastor I had talked to before.
The Lord came to me and apologized for how that individual treated me.
He said, 'Brandon, I just want to let you know that was wrong, and I know your heart is hurt.'He said, 'I just want to apologize on behalf of them.'I said, 'Lord, they had a bad day, and people have things going on; I forgive them.'We had a conversation, and I brought up another person.
He said, 'Brandon, that person's heart is good before Me. They wouldn't have done that, and they wouldn't have treated you that way. I know that for a fact.
If that person would have known your telephone number, they would have called you personally and never treated you that way.'It took me back because of the way God spoke so highly of this individual. It made me examine myself like a mirror.
If I am able to see prophetically when I am standing before a person, God will reveal things about them—whether they have anger issues, lying issues, if they are greedy, or if their motive is not pure.
Caution, caution, caution, or a go, go, go! He'll say, 'Yes, this person is good.
Green means go, buddy!'Or: 'Red means stop! Don't do that, Brandon; they'll end up ripping you off. Stay away from them.
You can go certain ways in certain areas with this relationship, but it does not ever go to this level.
Don't let them in your inner circle; they are a gossip and will backstab you.'He warns me of things. But my question to you is: what does God say about you?
He sees into the depth of your heart—all the hidden sin, the things you think you can fool everyone else with in the natural world.
You think you can fool your pastor, your spouse, or who you are dating, but you can't fool God.
He sees the depth of who you are from the time you were created in your mother's womb to the day you die. Who are you before Him?
Yes, we are under the blood and our sins are washed away, but there are character issues people don't want to take care of.
Deep down inside, if you were to stand before a prophetic person, what would God warn them about you?
I quickly want to examine myself and say, 'God, if I'm standing before somebody with a prophetic gift, what do they see about me?'It's not that it matters what they think, but it matters what God is relaying to them to warn them.
He might say, 'They have these issues; you don't want to do business with them.'I'll be walking down the aisle at Walmart, and the Lord will say, 'Get your children close to you now.
That man is a predator; he has sexual bad things toward children.'It's a warning for protection.
Don't let them go to that party because those kids'parents are loose in the way they raise their children.
Don't allow them to go because they are a mixed bag. Does God have an opinion about you? Yes, He does.
What things do you think you're hiding from people that you think you're fooling everybody else?
God sees it. I want Him to look at me and say, 'He's perfect before Me.
Well done, thou good and faithful servant. Brandon's a good one.'Do you see what I'm trying to say?
What does God say about you? I wanted to come on today and tell you to examine your heart.
It's not about gossip or trying to backbite; He always protects those He loves.
He loves all His children, but when you have a covenant with God—whenever you're a tither and a giver—what's mine is His and what's His is mine.
If He tells me to pray right now, will I do it? If He tells you to give, would you give?
If He tells you to sow $1,000, would you be quick to do it because you are obedient? He examines your heart.
If He says go and pray for that person right now because they are hurting and wanting to hurt themselves physically, would you obey Him?
Are you quick to do these things? Are you a gossip, a complainer, or a backbiter?
Do you talk bad about people and ridicule them? Are you abusive verbally to your children or spouse?
Do you treat them like trash on the way to church and then act all holy and sanctimonious?
Then you get back in the car and fuss all the way home, cussing them out.
Does God look at you? When you get real with God, God will get real with you.
He sees even when you're angry at Him. I go before God, and He knows if I'm ticked off or having a bad day.
I don't hide it. I say, 'Lord, I'm having a rough day. The pressure from the demonic or whatever is going on, and I need some spiritual backing here.
Where are You at?'He'll say, 'You haven't spent enough time in prayer today, Brandon.'It's always me; I'm the one at fault, never God.
I'm the one with the issue. He's perfect, but I want to be an open book.
Change me. Create in me a clean heart, O God. Search me, know me, and mold me into who I need to be.
I hope this is coming across as important because I want you to know how much Jesus loves you.
It needs to be more than just a love; it needs to be an intimacy. What does He say about you? What is His heart toward you?
I keep saying it over and over again because I want to drive it home. It's so important.
When He lets me examine a person in the spirit and warns me about them, I know it can be reversed.
What do they see about me? I know I'm not perfect, and my family isn't perfect, but we are quick to repent.
We are quick to take communion and fall at His feet. Father, I need You in my business dealings, when I'm trying to do a car deal or flip something on eBay.
Show me the secret things that nobody else can see. Part of my gifting is that He reveals hidden things to me about investments.
I'm no special person; I'm a work in progress. But I ask Him to help me not lose His money because it's His money; I'm just a steward.
I don't want to bury it in the dirt; I want to invest it and be faithful with a little so He'll make me ruler over much.
He'll show me investments, and if people try to take advantage of me, the Lord warns me.
I always go with the love of God, knowing what He warned me about.
They don't know that I know what they know. He'll show me investments and highlight them.
Sometimes I'll say, 'This one is going to be good,'and it's just conversation.
Someone once asked if I invested in those things. No, because I'm not after greed; it's about the relationship.
I want to know every secret thing He has. I want to lay my head upon His chest and know His breath when He exhales and inhales.
I want to know everything about Him. The Holy Spirit has a fragrance—every single thing about Him. When He's having a hard day with His kids, I can feel it.
I asked, 'Father, are You okay today?'He said, 'Brandon, my children were very disobedient today.'I could feel He was agitated.
When you get to know somebody, you know when they are agitated.
I don't want to be super religious, but He shows me colors. Colors are big in the spirit realm.
When you get close to God, He shows you big secret things. I see colors around things as warnings—blacks, purples, pinks.
I know it's stuff they are dealing with; they are prayer cues. It's about atmospheres.
I can go into a church, and the Lord will warn me about what's going on with the pastor.
He'll say, 'Don't go to church here. You need to get out quick.
Don't trust them about spiritual giftings.'The pastor might be jealous and want competition.
He'll warn me about atmospheres. I'm very sensitive to them.
People ask to go out to dinner, but I don't go because I protect the gift inside of me.
I don't go out flippantly. At Christmas, my family wanted me to go over, but I stayed with my wife and kids.
It's not that I'm better; I'm just very sensitive to atmospheres and watchful over where I put myself.
I don't just go get coffee with people unless I have an inkling the Holy Spirit says to do it.
I'm an intercessor; I seek His face. My safe place is my children and my wife.
I don't want to be rude, but 99% of the time, I'm going to say no.
I just wanted to let you know me more. I hope that blessed you.
It's important to the Father. If you want to come up higher, you'll work on this stuff.
Let me pray for you. Father, I thank You for every single person represented here. May they come up higher in their relationship with You.
It's all about falling in love with Jesus and having intimacy with the Holy Spirit.
Ultimately, it's about falling in love more with Jesus on a day-to-day basis.
I thank You that every person watching this would have the opportunity to come up higher—to hear Your voice and smell the fragrance of who You are.
I bless them in the name of Jesus. May this message inspire them to grow and become more intimate with You.
Create in them a clean heart. Help them turn further from the world and closer to Jesus. It is about knowing what You did for us on that cross.
I thank You that they are healed and whole because Christ redeemed us from the curse of the law.
I call healing and wholeness over every person right now in the name of Jesus.
Delivered from satanic bondage, they are no longer bound. For whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
You've set us free from sickness, poverty, and lack. You bore it all on the cross.
Thank You for Your intimacy. We are coming up higher every day, going from glory to glory.
We give You praise, glory, and honor. Amen. I appreciate you watching.
Please click that like button and subscribe if you aren't already.
Click the notification bell. I would really appreciate it.
We are getting the gospel out throughout the whole world every time you do that—commenting nicely and sharing.
We are getting people born again, and that's what it's all about—getting people to know Jesus and be intimate with Him.
Thank you; you've meant a lot to me and my family. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you. We will see you next time. Have a blessed day. Bye-bye.